Five years
Sky Demon
woe to the common people
Sword Sect disciples were ordered to go to Wujiang
The devil brings disaster to the common people
The name of Jinfeng Qingyun Xianjun
The exorcism has not arrived
Hahaar and other ants
Dare to talk nonsense
Tianmo Gong
This demon is actually the master of the master's hatred like the master
The realm is simply vulnerable
This seat will swallow you first
Here it is.
Like an immortal sword destroyed by rape
Sword Sect disciples welcome Qingyun Xianjun
Qingyun Xianjun
Even if you can suppress the ages
What can you do to me today?
Not very capable
The tone is not small
Look at the sword
It's nothing more than that
This sword will blow your soul away
Master